What's going on here?
I see
TV station TV room set
There was some tampering at home. He's the one who's coming up from the bottom here.
I didn't. I just helped Fang hold the lower end up.
Don't do nothing to me.
Brother, if someone hadn’t tampered with the house
How could I be allergic to it?
And it’s only in this home
It's impossible to have a problem with anyone except Shenxi.
What? I never get allergic to sweets.
In fact, it’s so good to take you with me every day
I didn't expect you to harm him, I'm gone
Just learn. Thank you for believing in me.
It's impossible to sit on something like this
Cherish you and don’t be obsessed with it forever
I know the relationship between you remembering and Tiantian
It’s not easy to return to the Gu family
Naturally, the heart will end with a careful rhythm
Remember I said it was right
Since you don't believe me
They all say I'm down there for the next round.
Then I will eat it for you to see